not discover it But the rumor of the deeds of Barahir 
and his companions went far and wide and Morgoth 
commanded Sauron to find them and destroy 
them
Now among the companions of Barahir was Gorlim son of 
Angrim His wife was named Eilinel and their love was 
greatere evil befell But Gorlim returning from the war 
upon the marches found his house plundered and 
forsaken and his wife gone whether slain or taken he 
knew not Then he fled to Barahir and of companions his 
he was the most fierce and desperate but doubt gnawed 
his heart thinking that perhaps Eilinel was not dead 
At times he would depart alone and secretly and visit 
his house that stood amid the fields and woods he had 
once possessed and this became known to the servants 
of 
Morgoth
On a time of autumn he came in the dusk of evening and 
drawing near he saw as he thought a light at the 
window and coming warily he looked within There he saw 
Eilinel and her face was worn with grief and hunger 
and it seemed to him that he heard her voice lamenting 
that he had forsaken her But even as he cried aloud 
the light was blown out in the wind wolves howled and 