wandering into the Forests of Brethil and drew near at 
last to the borders of Doriath Then Beren took thought 
of his vow and against his heart he resolved when 
Luthien was come again within the safety of her own 
land to set forth once more But she was not willing to 
be parted form him again saying You must choose Beren 
between these two to relinquish the quest and your 
oath and seek a life of wandering upon the face of the 
earth or to hold to your word and challenge the power 
of darkness upon its throne But on either road I shall 
go with you and our doom shall be 
alike
Even as they spoke together of these things walking 
without heed of aught else Celegorm and Curufin rode 
up hastening through the forest and the brothers 
espied them and knew them for afar Then Celegorm 
turned his horse and spurred it upon Beren purposing 
to ride him down but Curufin swerving stooped and 
lifted Luthien to his saddle for he was a strong and 
cunning horseman Then Beren sprang from before 
Celegorm full upon the speeding horse of Curufin that 
had passed hi and the Leap of Beren is renowned among 
that had passed him and the Leap of Beren is renowned 
among Men and Elves He took Curufin by the throat from 