tale of whose deeds is become a song even among the 
Elves
Let Beren speak said Thingol What would you here 
unhappy mortal and for what cause have you left your 
own land to enter this which is forbidden to such as 
you Can you show reason why my power should not be 
laid on you in heavy punishment for you insolence and 
folly
Then Beren looking up beheld the eyes of Luthien and 
his glance went also to the face of Melian and it 
seemed to him that words were put into his mouth Fear 
left him and the pride of the eldest house of Men 
returned to him and he said My fate O King led me 
hither through perils such as few even of the Elves 
would dare And here I have found what I sought not 
indeed but finding I would possess for ever For it is 
above all gold and silver and beyond all jewels 
Neither rock nor steel nor the fires of Morgoth nor 
all the powers of the Elfkingdoms shall keep from me 
the treasure that I desire For Luthien your daughter 
is the fairest of all the Children of the 
World
Then silence fell upon the hall for those that stood 
there were astounded and afraid and they thought that 