Thus Beren came before King Finrod Felagund and 
Felagund knew him needing no ring to remind him of the 
kin of Beor and of Barahir Behind closed doors they 
sat and Beren told of the death of Barahir and of all 
that had befallen hi in Doriath and he wept recalling 
Luthien and their joy together But Felagund heard his 
tale in wonder and disquiet and he knew that the oath 
he had sworn was come upon him for his death as long 
before he had foretold to Galadriel He spoke then to 
Beren in heaviness of heart It is plain that Thingol 
desires your death but it seems that this doom goes 
beyond his purpose and that the Oath of Feanor is 
again at work For the Silmarils are cursed with an 
oath of hatred and he that even names them in desire 
moves a great power from slumber and the sons of 
Feanor would lay all the Elfkingdoms in ruin rather 
than suffer any other than themselves to win or 
possess a Silmaril for the Oath drives them And now 
Celegorm and Curufin are dwelling in my halls and 
though I Finarfins son am King they have won a strong 
power in the realm and lead many of their own people 
They have shown friendship to me in every need but I 
fear that they will show neither love nor mercy to you 
if your quest be told Yet my own oath holds and thus 