passed
Then the spell of silence fell from Beren and he 
called to her crying Tinuviel and the woods echoed the 
name Then she halted in wonder and fled no more and 
Beren came to her But as she looked on him doom fell 
upon her and she loved him yet she slipped from his 
arms and vanished from his sight even as the day was 
breaking Then Beren lay upon the ground in a swoon as 
one slain at once by bliss and grief and he fell into 
a sleep as it were into an abyss of shadow and waking 
he was cold as stone and his heart barren and forsaken 
And wandering in mind he groped as one that is 
stricken with sudden blindness and seeks with hands to 
grasp the vanished light Thus he began the payment of 
anguish for the fate that was laid on him and in his 
fate Luthien was caught and being immortal she shared 
in his mortality and being free received his chain and 
her anguish was greater than any other of the Eldalie 
has 
known
Beyond his hope she retuned to him where he sat in 
darkness and long ago in the Hidden Kingdom she laid 
her hand in his Thereafter often she came to him and 
they went in secret through the woods together from 