was wounded to the death Then he spoke to Beren saying 
I go now to my long rest in the timeless halls beyond 
the seas and the Mountains of Aman It will be long ere 
I am seen among the Noldor again and it may be that we 
shall not meet a second time in death or life for the 
fates of our kindreds are apart Farewell He died then 
in the dark in TolinGaurhoth whose great tower he 
himself had built Thus King Finrod Felagund fairest 
and most beloved of the house of Finwe redeemed his 
oath but Beren mourned beside him in 
despair
In that hour Luthien came and standing upon the bridge 
that led to Saurons isle she sang a song that no walls 
of stone could hinder Beren heard and he thought that 
he dreamed for the stars shone above him and in the 
trees nightingales were singing And in answer he sang 
a song of challenge that he had made in praise of the 
Seven Stars the Sickle of the Valar that Varda hung 
above the North as a sign for the fall of Morgoth Then 
all strength left him and he fell down into 
darkness
But Luthien heard his answering voice and she sang 
then a song of greater power The wolves howled and the 
isle trembled Sauron stood in the high tower wrapped 