Upon all that plain the Elves of Nargothrond kept 
unceasing watch and every hill upon its borders was 
crowned with hidden towers and through all its woods 
and fields archers ranged secretly and with great 
craft Their arrows were sure and deadly and nothing 
crept there against their will Therefore ere Beren had 
come far upon his road they were aware of him and his 
death was nigh But knowing his danger he held ever 
aloft the ring of Felagund and though he saw no living 
thing because of the stealth of the hunters he felt 
that he was watched and cried often aloud I am Beren 
son of Barahir friend of Felagund Take me to the King 
Therefore the hunters slew him not but assembling they 
waylaid him and commanded him to halt But seeing the 
ring they bowed before him though he was in evil 
plight wild and wayworn and they led hi northward and 
westward going by night lest their paths should be 
revealed For at that time there was no ford or bridge 
over the torrent of Narog before the gates of 
Nargothrond but further to the north where Ginglith 
joined Narog the flood was less and crossing there and 
turning again southward the Elves led Beren under the 
light of the moon to the dark gates of their hidden 
halls