followed Celegorm was named Huan He was not born in 
Middleearth but came from the Blessed Realm for Orome 
had given him to Celegorm long ago in Valinor and 
there he had followed the horn of his master before 
evil came Huan followed Celegorm into exile and was 
faithful and thus he too came under the doom of woe 
set upon the Noldor and it was decreed that he should 
meet death but not until he encountered the mightiest 
wolf that would ever walk the 
world
Huan it was that found Luthien flying like a shadow 
surprised by the daylight under the trees when 
Celegorm and Curufin rested a while near to the 
western eaves of Doriath for nothing could escape the 
sight and scent of Huan nor could any enchantment stay 
him and he slept not neither by night nor day He 
brought her to Celegorm and Luthien learning that he 
was a prince of the Noldor and a foe of Morgoth was 
glad and she declared herself casting aside her cloak 
So great was her sudden beauty revealed beneath the 
sun that Celegorm became enamoured of her but he 
spokee her fair and promised that she would find help 
in her need if she returned with him now to 
Nargothrond By no sign did he reveal that he knew 