horror
Then Luthien stood upon the bridge and declare her 
power and the spell was loosed that bound stone to 
stone and the gates were thrown down and the walls 
opened and the pits laid bare and many thralls and 
captives came forth in wonder and dismay shielding 
their eyes against the pale moon light for they had 
lain long in the darkness of Sauron But Beren came not 
Therefore Huan and Luthien sought him in the isle and 
Luthien found him mourning by Felagund So deep was his 
anguish that he lay still and did not hear her feet 
Then thinking him already dead she put her arms about 
him and fell into a dark forgetfulness But Beren 
coming back to the light out of the pits of despair 
lifted her up and they looked again upon one another 
and the day rising over the dark hills shone upon 
them
They buried the body of Felagund upon the hilltop of 
his own isle and it was clean again and the green 
grave of Finrod Finarfins son fairest of all the 
princes of the Elves remained inviolate until the land 
was changed and broken and foundered under destroying 
seas But Finrod walks with Finarfin his father beneath 
the trees in 