we are all 
ensnared
Then King Felagund spoke before his people recalling 
the deeds of Barahir and his vow and he declared that 
it was laid upon him to aid the son of Barahir in his 
need and he sought the help of his chieftains Then 
Celegorm arose amid the throng and drawing his sword 
he criedBe he friend or foe whether demon of Morgoth 
of Elf or child of Men or any other living thing in 
Arda neither law nor love nor league of hell nor might 
of the Valar nor any power of wizardry shall defend 
him from the pursuing hate of Feanors sons if he take 
or find a Silmaril and keep it For the Silmarils we 
alone claim until the world 
ends
Many other words he spoke as potents were long before 
in Tirion the words of his father that first inflamed 
the Noldor to rebellion And after Celegorm Curufin 
spoke more softly but with no less power conjuring in 
the minds of the Elves a vision of war and the ruin of 
Nargothrond So great a fear did he set in their hearts 
that never after until the time of Turin would any Elf 
of that realm go into open battle but with stealth and 
ambush with wizardry and venomed dart they pursued all 