strangers forgetting the bonds of kinship Thus they 
fell from the valour and freedom of the Elves of old 
and their land was 
darkened
And now they murmured that Finarfins son was not as a 
Vala to command them and they turned their faces from 
him But the curse of Mandos came upon the brothers and 
dark thoughts arose in their hearts thinking to send 
forth Felagund alone to his death and to usurp it 
might be the throne of Nargothrond for they were of 
the eldest line of the princes of the 
Noldor
And Felagund seeing that he was forsaken took from his 
head the silver crown of Nargothrond and cast it at 
his feet saying Your oaths of faith to me you may 
break but I musty hold my bond Yet if there be any on 
whom the shadow of out curse has not yet fallen I 
should find at least a few to follow me and should not 
go hence as a beggar that is thrust from the gates 
There were ten that stood by him and the chief of them 
who was named Edrahil stooping lifted the crown and 
asked that it be given to a steward until Felagunds 
return for you remain my king and theirs he said 
whatever 