swooned before the menace of the fell spirit in his 
eyes and the foul vapour of his breath But even as he 
came falling she cast a fold of her dark cloak before 
his eyes and he stumbled for a fleeting drowsiness 
came upon him Then Huan sprang There befell the battle 
of Huan and WolfSauron and howls and baying echoed in 
the hills and the watchers on the walls of Ered 
Wethrin across the valley heard it afar and were 
dismayed
But no wizardry nor spell neither fang nor venom nor 
devils art nor beaststreangth  could overthrow Huan 
without forsaking his body utterly Ere his foul spirit 
left its dark house Luthien came to him ghost be sent 
quaking back to Morgoth and she said There 
everlastingly thy naked self shall endure the torment 
of his scorn pierced by his eyes unless thou yield to 
me the mastery of thy 
tower
Then Sauron yielded himself and Luthien took the 
mastery of the isle and all that was there and Huan 
released him And immediately he took the form of a 
vampire great as a dark cloud across the moon and he 
fled dripping blood from his throat upon the trees and 
came to TarnuFuin and dwelt there filling it with 