price upon the head of Fingon High King of the Noldor 
but the Orcs fled rather at the rumor of his uproach 
than sought him out Therefore and army was sent 
against him under the command of Sauron and Sauron 
brought werewolves fell beasts inhabited by dreadful 
spirits that he had imprisoned in their 
bodies
All that land was now become filled with evil and all 
clean things were departing from it and Beren was 
pressed so hard that at last he was forced to flee 
from Dorthonion In time of winter and snow he forsook 
the land and grave of his father and climbing into the 
high land of Doriath There it was put into his heart 
that he would go down into the Hidden Kingdom where no 
mortal foot had trodden Terrible was his southward 
journey Sheer were the precipices of Ered Gorgoroth 
and beneath their feet were shadows that were laid 
before the rising of the Moon Beyond lay the 
wilderness of Dungortheb where the sorcery of Sauron 
and the power of Melian came together and horror and 
madness walked There spiders of the fell race of 
Ungoliant abode spinning their unseen webs in which 
all living things were snared and monsters wandered 
there that were born in the long dark before the Sun 