Among the tales of sorrow and of ruin that come down 
to us from the darkness of those days there are yet 
some in which amid weeping there is joy and under the 
shadow of death light that endures And of these 
histories most fair still in the ears of the Elves is 
the tale of Beren and Luthien Of their lives was made 
the Lay of Leithian Release from Bondage which is the 
longest save one of the songs concerning the world of 
old but here is told in fewer words and without 
song
It has been told that Barahir would not forsake 
Dorthonion and there Morgoth pursued him to his death 
until at last there remained to him only twelve 
companions Now the forest of Dorthonion rose southward 
into mountainous moors and in the east of those 
highlands there lay a lake Tarn Aeluin with wild 
heaths about it and all that land was pathless and 
untamed for even in the days of the Long Peace none 
had dwelt there But the waters of Tarn Aeluin were 
held in reverence for they were clear and blue by day 
and by night were a mirror for the stars and it was 
said that Melian herself had hollowed that water in 
the days of old Thither Barahir and his outlaws 
withdrew and there made their lair and Morgoth could 