Doriath drawn within the fate of a mightier realm But 
Thingol answered I sell not to Elves or Men those whom 
I love and cherish above all treasure And if there 
were hope or fear that Beren should come ever back 
alive to Menegroth he should not have looked again 
upon the light of heaven though I had sworn 
it
But Luthien was silent and from that hour she sang not 
again in Doriath A brooding silence fell upon the 
woods and the shadows lengthened in the kingdom of 
Thingol
It is told in the Lay of Leithian that Beren passed 
through Doriath unhindered and came at length to the 
region of the Twilight Meres and the Fens of Sirion 
and leaving Thingols land he climbed the hills above 
the Falls of Sirion where the river plunged 
underground with great noise Thence he looked westward 
and through the mist and rains that lay upon those 
hills he saw Talath Dirnen the Guarded Plain 
stretching between Sirion and Narog and beyond he 
descried afar the highlands of TaurenFaroth that rose 
above Nargothrond And being destitute without hope or 
counsel he turned his feet 
thither