Luthien spoke often to Huan in her loneliness telling 
of Beren who was the friend of all birds and beasts 
that did not serve Morgoth ad Huan understood all that 
was said For he comprehended the speech of all things 
with voice but it was permitted to him thrice only ere 
his death to speak with 
words
Now Huan devised a plan for the aid of Luthien and 
coming at a time of night he brought her cloak and for 
the first time he spoke giving her counsel Then he led 
her by secret ways out of Nargothrond and they fled 
north together and he humbled his pride and suffered 
her to ride upon him in the fashion of a steed even as 
the Orcs did at times upon great wolves Thus they made 
great speed for Huan was swift and 
tireless
In the pits of Sauron Beren and Felagund lay and all 
their companions were now dead but Sauron purposed to 
keep Felagund to the last for he perceived that he was 
a Noldo of great might and wisdom and he deemed that 
in him lay the secret of their errand But when the 
wolf came for Beren Felagund put forth all his power 
and burst his bonds and he wrestled with the werewolf 
and slew it with his hands and teeth yet he himself 