hunting silently with many eyes No food for Elves or 
Men was there in that haunted land but death only That 
journey is not accounted least among the great deeds 
of Beren but he spoke of it to no one after lest the 
horror return into his mind and none know how he found 
a way and so came by paths that no Man nor Elf else 
ever dared to tread to the borders of Doriath And he 
passed through the mazes that Melian wove about the 
kingdom of Thingol even as she had foretold for a 
great doom lay upon 
him
It is told in the Lay of Leithian that Beren came 
stumbling into Doriath grey and bowed as with many 
years of woe so great had been the torment of the road 
But wandering in the summer in the woods of Neldoreth 
he came upon Luthien daughter of Thingol and Melian at 
a time of evening under moonrise as she danced upon 
the unfading grass in the glades beside Esgalduin Then 
all memory of his pain departed from him and he fell 
into an enchantment for Luthien was the most beautiful 
of all the Children of Iluvatar Blue was her raiment 
as the unclouded heaven but her eyes were grey as the 
starlit evening her mantle was sewn with golden 
flowers but her hair was dark as the shadows of 