Hirilorn a wooden house was built and there Luthien 
was made to dwell and ladders were taken away and 
guarded save only when the servants of Thingol wrought 
her such things as she 
needed
It is told in the Lay of Leithian how she escaped from 
the house in Hirilorn for she put forth her arts of 
enchantment and caused her hair to grow to great 
length and of it she wove a dark robe that wrapped her 
beauty like a shadow and it was laden with a spell of 
sleep Of the strands that remained she twined a rope 
and she let it down from her window and as the end 
swayed above the guards that sat beneath the house 
they fell into a deep slumber Then Luthien climbed 
from her prison and shrouded in her shadowy cloak she 
escaped from all eyes and vanished out of 
Doriath
It chanced that Celegorm and Curufin went on a hunt 
through the Guarded Plain and this they did because 
Sauron being filled with suspicion sent forth many 
wolves into the Elflands Therefore they took their 
hounds and rode forth and they thought that ere they 
returned they might also hear tidings concerning King 
Felagund Now the chief of the wolf hounds that 