He cast them therefore into a deep pit dark and silent 
and threatened to slay them cruel unless one would 
betray the truth to him From time to time they saw two 
eyes kindled in the dark and a werewolf devoured one 
of the companions but none betrayed their 
lord
In the time when Sauron cast Beren into the pit a 
weight of horror came upon Luthiens heart and going to 
Melian for counsel she learned that Beren lay in the 
dungeons of TolinGaurhoth without hope of rescue Then 
Luthien perceiving that no help would come from any 
other on earth resolved to fly from Doriath and come 
herself to him but she sought the aid of Daeron and he 
betrayed her purpose because he would not deprive 
Luthien of the lights of heaven lest she fail and fade 
and yet would restrain her he caused a house to be 
built from which she should not escape Not far from 
the gates of Menegroth stood the greatest of all the 
trees in the Forest of Neldoreth and that was a 
beechforest and the northern half of the kingdom This 
mighty beech was named Hirilorn and it had three 
trunks equal in girth smooth in rind and exceeding 
tall no branches grew from them for a great height 
above the ground Far aloft between the shafts of 