spring to summer and no others of the Children of 
Iluvatar have had joy so great though the time was 
brief
But Daeron the minstrel also loved Luthien and he 
espied her meetings with Beren and betrayed them to 
Thingol Then the King was filled with anger for 
Luthien he loved above all things setting her above 
all the princes of the Elves Whereas mortal Men he did 
not even take into his service Therefore he spoke in 
grief and amazement to Luthien but she would reveal 
nothing until he swore an oath to her that he would 
neither slay Beren nor imprison him But he sent his 
servants to lay hands on him and lead him to Menegroth 
as a malefactor and Luthien forestalling them led 
Beren herself before the throne of Thingol as if he 
were an honoured guest Then Thingol looked upon Beren 
in scorn and anger but Melian was silent Who are 
yousaid the King that come higher as a thief and 
unbidden dare to approach my 
throne
But Beren being filled with dread for the splendour of 
Menegroth and the majesty of Thingol were very great 
answered Therefore Luthien spoke and said He is Beren 
son of Barahir lord of Men mighty foe of Morgoth the 