thou shalt go to Eilinel and be set free of my service 
Then he put him cruelly to 
death
In this way the hiding of Barahir was revealed and 
Morgoth drew his net about it and the Orcs coming in 
the still hours before dawn surprised the men of 
Dorthonion and slew them all save one For Beren son of 
Barahir had been sent by his father on a perilous 
errand to spy upon the ways of the Enemy and he was 
far afield when when the lair was taken But as he 
slept benighted in the forest he dreamed that 
carrionbirds sat thick as leaves upon bare trees 
beside a mere and blood dripped from their 
beaks
Then Beren was aware in his dream of a form that came 
to him across the water and it was a wraith of Gorlim 
and it spoke to him declaring his treachery and death 
and bade him make haste to warn his father Then Beren 
awoke and sped through the night and came back to the 
lair of the outlaws on the second morning But as he 
drew near the carrionbirds rose from the ground and 
sat in the aldertrees beside Tarn Aeluin and croaked 
in mockery There Beren buried his fathers bones and 
raised a cairn of boulders above him and swore upon it 