behind and hurled him backward and they fell to the 
ground together The horse reared and fell but Luthien 
was flung aside and lay upon the 
grass
Then Beren throttled Curufin but death was near him 
for Celegorm rode upon him with a spear in that hour 
Huan forsook the service or Celegorm and sprang upon 
him so that his horse swerved aside and would not 
approach Beren because of the terror of the great 
hound Celegorm cursed both hound and horse but Huan 
was unmoved Then Luthien rising forbade the slaying of 
Curufin but Beren despoiled him of his gear and 
weapons and took his knife sheathless by his side iron 
it would cleave as if it were green wood Then Beren 
lifting Curufin flung him from him and bade him walk 
now back to his noble kinsfolk who might teach him to 
turn his valour to worthier use Your horse he said I 
keep for the service of Luthien and it may be 
accounted happy to be free of such a 
master
Then Curufin cursed Beren under cloud and sky Go hence 
he said unto a swift and bitter death Celegorm took 
him beside him on his horse and the brothers made then 
as if to ride away and Beren turned away and took no 