in his black thought  but he smiled hearing her voice 
for he knew that it was the daughter of Melian The 
fame of the beauty of Luthien and the wonder of her 
song had long gone forth from Doriath and he thought 
to make her captive and hand her over to the power of 
Morgoth for his reward would be great Therefore he 
sent a wolf to the bridge But Huan slew it silently 
Still Sauron sent others one by one and one by one 
Huan took them by the throat and slew them Then Sauron 
sent Draugluin a dread beast old in evil lord and sire 
of the werewolves of Angband His might was great and 
the battle of Huan and Draugluin was long and fierce 
Yet at length Draugluin escaped and fleeing back into 
the tower he died before Saurons feet and as he died 
he told his master Huan is there Now Sauron knew well 
as did all in that land the fate that was decreed for 
the hound of Valinor and it came into his thought that 
he himself would accomplish it Therefore he took upon 
himself the form of a werewolf and made himself the 
mightiest that had yet walked the world and he came 
forth to win the passage of the 
bridge
So great was the horror of his approach that Huan 
leaped aside Then Sauron sprang upon Luthien and she 