Eldamar
Now Beren and Luthien Tinuviel went free again and 
together walked through the woods renewing for a time 
their joy and though winter came it hurt them not for 
flowers lingered where Luthien went and the birds sang 
beneath the snowclad hills But Huan being faithful 
went back to Celegorm his master yet their love was 
less than 
before
There was tumult in Nargothrond For thither now 
returned many Elves that had been prisoners in the 
isle of Sauron and a clamour arose that no words of 
Celegorm could still They lamented bitterly the fall 
of Felagund their king saying that a maiden had dared 
that which the sons of Feanor had not dared to do but 
many perceived that it was treachery rather than fear 
that had guided Celegorm and Curufin There fore the 
hearts of the people of Nargothrond were released from 
their dominion and turned again to the house of 
Finarfin and they obeyed Orodreth But he would not 
suffer them to slay the brothers as some desired for 
the spilling of kindred blood by kin would bind the 
cures of Mandos more closely upon them all Yet neither 
bread nor rest would he grant to Celegorm and Curufin 