twilight As the light upon the leaves of trees as the 
voice of clear waters as the stars above the mists of 
the world such was her glory and her loveliness and in 
her face was a shining 
light
But she vanished from his sight and he became dumb as 
one that is bound under a spell and he strayed long in 
the woods wild and wary as a beast seeking for her In 
his heart he called her Tinuviel that signifies 
Nightingale daughter of twilight in the Greyelven 
tongue for he knew no other name for her And he saw 
her afar as leaves in the winds of autumn and in 
winter as a star upon a hill but a chain was upon his 
limbs
There came a time near dawn on the eve of spring and 
Luthien danced upon a green hill and suddenly she 
began to sing Keen heartpiercing was her song as the 
song of the lark that rises from the gates of night 
and pours its voice among the dying stars seeing the 
sun behind the walls of the world and the song of 
Luthien released the behind the walls of the world and 
the song of Luthien released the bonds of winter and 
the frozen waters spoke and flowers sprang from the 
cold earth where her feet had 