already of Beren and the quest of which she told nor 
that it was a matter which touched him 
near
Thus they broke off the hunt and returned to 
Nargothrond and Luthien was betrayed for they held her 
fast and took away her cloak and she was not permitted 
to pass the gates or to speak with any save the 
brothers Celegorm and Curufin For now believing that 
Beren and Felagund were prisoners beyond hope of aid 
they purposed to let the King perish and to keep 
Luthien  and force Thingol to give her the mightiest 
of princes of the Noldor And they did not purpose to 
seek the Silmarils by craft or war or to suffer any 
others to do so until they had all the might of the 
Elfkingdoms under their hands Orodreth had no power to 
withstand them for they swayed the hearts of the 
people of Nargothrond and Celegorm sent messengers to 
Thingol urging his 
suit
But Huan the hound was true of heart and the love of 
Luthien had fallen upon him in the first hour of their 
meeting and he grieved at her captivity Therefore he 
came often to her chamber and at night he lay before 
her door for he felt that evil had come to Nargothrond 