Beren would be slain But Thingol spoke slowly saying 
Death you have earned with these words and death you 
should find suddenly had I not sworn an oath in haste 
of which I repent baseborn mortal who in the realm of 
Morgoth has learnt to creep in secret as his spies and 
thralls
Then Beren answered Death you can give me earned or 
unearned but the names I will not take from you of 
baseborn nor spy nor thrall By the ring of Felagund 
that he gave to Barahir my father on the battle field 
of the North my house has not earned such names from 
any Elf be he king or 
no
His words were proud and all eyes looked upon the ring 
for he held it now aloft and the green jewels gleamed 
there that the Noldor had devised in Valinor For this 
ring was like to twin serpents whose eyes were 
emeralds and their heads met beneath a crown of golden 
flowers that the one upheld and the other devoured 
that was the badge of Finarfin and his house Then 
Melian leaned to Thingols side and in whispered 
counsel bade him forgo his wrath For not by you she 
said shall Beren be slain and far and free does his 
fate led him in the end yet it is wound with yours 