an oath of vengeance First there for he pursued the 
Orcs that had slain his father and his kinsmen and he 
found their camp by night at Rivils Well above the Fen 
of Serech and because of his wood craft he came near 
to their fire unseen There their captain made boast of 
his deeds and he held up the hand of Barahir that he 
had cut off as a token for Sauron that their mission 
was fulfilled and the ring of Felagund was on that 
hand Then Beren sprang from behind rock and slew 
captain and taking the hand and the ring he escaped 
being defended by fate for the Orcs were dismayed and 
their arrows 
wild
Thereafter for four years more Beren wandered still 
upon Dorthonion a solitary outlaw but he became the 
friend of birds and beasts and they aided him and did 
not betray him and from that time forth he ate no 
flesh nor slew any living thing that was not in the 
service of Morgoth He did not fear death but only 
captivity and being bold and desperate he escaped both 
death and bonds and the deeds of lonely daring that he 
achieved were noised abroad throughout Beleriand and 
the tail of them came even into Doriath At length 
Morgoth set a price upon his head no less than the 