Take 
heed
But Thingol looked in silence upon Luthien and he 
thought in his heart Unhappy Men children of little 
lords and brief kings shall such as these lay hands on 
you and yet live Then breaking the silence he said I 
see the ring son of Barahir and I perceive that you 
are proud and deem yourself mighty But a fathers deeds 
even had his service been rendered to me avail not to 
win the the daughter of Thingol and Melian See now I 
too desire a treasure that is withheld For rock and 
steel and the fires of Morgoth keep the jewel that I 
would possess against all the powers of the 
Elfkingdoms Yet I hear you say that bonds such as 
these do not daunt you Go your way therefore Bring to 
me in your hand a Silmaril from Morgoths crown and 
then if she will Luthien may set her hand in yours 
Then you shall have my jewel and though the fate of 
Arda lie within the Silmarils yet you shall hold me 
generous
Thus he wrought the doom of Doriath and was ensnared 
within the curse of Mandos And those that heard these 
words perceived that Thingol would save his oath and 
yet send Beren to his death for they know that not all 